65 13
1 1 0 1 1 1 2 1 1 1 1 2 2
aba aba 124 abb abb bab true aba aab abb bbb true false
bab bab 805 baa bba abb false abb aaa aab bba true true
bbb baa -627 abb bab bab false aba bbb aba bba false false
bab abb -514 baa bba aab false aaa baa baa bba false false
baa bba 301 bbb bab abb false bab aab bab aaa false false
bba aab 508 bab aaa baa true bba abb bab baa true true
bab aba 973 bba bab bbb true aba bbb bba bbb true false
baa aba -38 aab baa aaa true bba aab aaa bab false false
bba abb -285 baa aba bab false abb aba abb bbb false true
aba abb 370 aba aab bba false aaa aab aaa bba false true
aba bba 9 baa baa aba true bba bab bab bab false false
aab bab -563 aba aaa aaa false bbb aab bbb bab true false
aab bab 690 aba aab abb true bba bab aba bba false true
abb baa 265 aab abb aaa true bba bba aab bbb false true
aba abb 585 aaa aba bab true bbb bba abb aba true false
bbb aaa -80 abb aaa bab true bbb abb abb abb true true
aba bba 178 bbb bba abb false baa abb aab bab false false
aba aab 33 aaa bab bab true aab aba aba bbb true false
aaa aab -693 abb aba abb false bab aaa bba bba false true
aba aba 337 aab aab bab false bbb aaa bba aab true false
aaa abb 943 aab bab bab true aaa bba aaa bab true false
abb aab 667 bab bbb bba false bab abb abb bba false false
bab bbb -950 aaa abb aba false abb aab abb aba false false
bbb aab 802 baa bbb bab false abb bba aaa aaa false true
bab baa -128 aab baa aba true aba bba bbb abb false true
bbb bab 268 bab aba aaa true aba abb aba bab true false
baa aba -153 bab aab bbb false abb aab bbb aaa true true
baa bab 527 bba aba aaa false aaa abb aba abb false true
aaa aaa -57 aaa baa bab false bbb bbb bab aaa false false
aaa aba -784 abb aaa bbb false bbb baa baa abb false true
bbb baa 332 bbb bbb bab false bab abb baa baa true false
abb aab 733 aab baa bab true bab aba abb bab false true
abb aba -273 baa bbb aba true baa aba bba aab true true
aaa abb -812 bab aab baa true bbb bbb bba bab true true
baa bbb -359 bab abb bbb true aab bba aaa bba true true
aab aba -44 bbb abb aba true bba aba abb bbb false false
aaa bba 246 abb aba aab false aaa aab bab bab true true
baa baa -475 abb baa abb true bab aba bbb baa true true
bbb aab 925 aba aaa aba false aba baa bab aab false false
bab aab -47 bba bab bbb false abb bab aaa bbb true true
bba bab 596 baa aab baa false bba aba bba bbb true false
aaa baa -799 aab aba abb false aaa baa bba aaa true true
bbb aba -645 abb aba aab true aaa bab aba bbb false true
aaa aab 723 baa aab aaa false abb bab aba baa true false
baa aba -840 bbb bbb abb true aab aab aba bbb false true
bab aba 967 abb bbb abb true bab aba baa aaa true false
aab bba -190 bab baa abb true aab bbb bbb bba false false
aab bba -987 bba aba aba false aba bbb aba aaa false true
aaa baa -637 baa bba bbb true bab abb abb bab false true
aaa aba -902 baa bab bab false baa aba bbb bab false false
aba abb -975 abb aba baa true aaa abb abb bab false true
bba aba -674 abb aba bab false aaa abb bab baa true false
baa aaa -243 abb bbb aaa false aaa bba aaa bab false false
bab aab -803 bab baa bba true bba bbb aab bba true true
aab bab -949 aab abb aba true aaa aba aba aaa false false
aba aaa -593 aba aaa baa true aba baa baa bab true true
aba bab 780 aaa aba aab false aba abb aab bbb false true
bbb bbb 567 bba baa aba false bba aaa aaa aaa true false
bba aba 344 aba abb aab true abb baa aaa baa false false
baa bbb 517 aaa abb aba false abb bba bab baa true true
aaa abb -756 bba bab abb false aab baa abb abb false false
aab aaa 3 bba aaa bba false bba abb baa bbb false false
bab aba -321 bba bab aba true bab aaa aab aab true false
bab baa -12 bab bbb aaa true aaa bbb bab aaa false true
aaa aaa 562 bab bbb aaa false bbb aab aaa abb false true
5
uredi 1 7
uredi 1 6
uredi 1 13
uredi 1 11
uredi 1 -1
28 5
